
A tool for managing multiple ElectrumX servers
with various settings (Coins, Ports, Coin forks, etc...)
using very simple and minimal configuration files

Usage: electrum-swarm [OPTIONS] COMMAND [COIN ...]

COIN - An optional list of Coins Names (case insensitive)
       Use 'all' to select all the coins in 'coins.conf'

Options:
      --all                Select all Coins
      --dns string         The DNS to use
      --data string        Path for data persistence
                           Defaults to "/datadrive"
      --coins string       Coins config file path
                           Defaults to "./config/coins.conf"
      --deamon string      Coind config file path
                           Defaults to "./config/coindeamon.conf"
      --electrumx string   Electrumx config file path
                           Defaults to "./config/electrumX.conf"
      --autoupdate number  Automatic update interval in minutes (0 for off)
                           Defaults to once every 30 minutes
                           Used only with update
      --debug              Enable debug mode
      --help               Displays this text

Commands:
  install   - If needed, Install docker, download all the docker images
              and create the Host's persistent data folders
  run       - Starts the servers (Runs install if needed)
  start     - Starts the servers (Runs install if needed)
  stop      - Stops the servers without deleting the containers
  remove    - Removes the servers containers
  restart   - Restarts the servers containers
  compact   - Compacts the Electrumx's database to reduce it's size
              in order to avoiding overflows. Be aware that it might
              take a few hours, and that during that time the
              ElectrumX server won't be availble
  backup    - Creates a docker image that contains a snapshot of the datadrive
              and publish it to docker hub
              Follow this guide to setup backup:
              https://github.com/docker/docker-credential-helpers/issues/102
              Those steps 'should' work after the initial install:
              1. gpg2 --gen-key
              2. pass init "<Your Name>"
              3. docker login
  restore   - Gets a snapshot of the datadrive from docker hub and set it localy
  ping      - Checks if the Electrumx's TCP connection is alive
  print     - Prints the settings (Shared and Coin)
  update    - Updates electrum-swarm and restart the running containers
  help      - Displays this text

Examples:
  1. 'electrum-swarm stop Dogecoin'
  2. 'electrum-swarm --electrumx ~/electrumxNew.conf run Dogecoin Vertcoin'
  3. 'electrum-swarm --all --coins ./customCoins.conf ping'
  4. 'electrum-swarm print all'
